{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-BoldItalic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red63\green127\blue95;\red127\green0\blue85;\red106\green62\blue62;
\red0\green0\blue192;\red42\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c24706\c49804\c37255;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c0\c33333;\csgenericrgb\c41569\c24314\c24314;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c75294;\csgenericrgb\c16471\c0\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 /*\cf0 \
\cf2  * \ul Santana\ulnone , \ul Isory\ulnone  \cf0 \
\cf2  * 09/04/2022\cf0 \
\cf2  * CST 3513 D312[19866]\cf0 \
\cf2  * Prof.Cabo, \ul Candido\cf0 \ulnone \
\cf2                           * Assignment #1\cf0 \
\cf2                           \cf0 \
\cf2 Problem 2. How cold is outside? The temperature alone is not enough to provide the answer.\cf0 \
\cf2 Other factors including the wind speed, relative humidity, and sunshine play an important\cf0 \
\cf2 role in determining coldness outside. In 2001, the National Weather Service (NWS) implemented \cf0 \
\cf2 the new wind-chill temperature to measure coldness using temperature and wind speed, \cf0 \
\cf2 the formula is:\cf0 \
\
\cf2 tWC = 35.74 + 0.6215 t \'96 35.75 w^0.16 + 0.4275 t w^0.16\cf0 \
\
\cf2 where t is the outside temperature in degrees \ul Fahrenheit\ulnone  and w is the wind speed measured in miles\cf0 \
\cf2 per hour. tWC is the wind-chilled temperature. The formula cannot be used for wind speeds below 2 \ul mph\ulnone  \cf0 \
\cf2 or temperatures below -58oF or above 41oF. Write a program that prompts the user to enter a temperature\cf0 \
\cf2 between -58oF and 41oF and a wind speed greater than or equal to 2 \ul mph\ulnone  and displays the wind-chill \cf0 \
\cf2 temperature. Use Math.pow(a, b) to compute a^b \cf0 \
\
\cf2 */\cf0 \
\

\f1\b \cf3 import
\f0\b0 \cf0  java.util.Scanner;\
\

\f1\b \cf3 public
\f0\b0 \cf0  
\f1\b \cf3 class
\f0\b0 \cf0  problem_2 \{\
	\cf2 //beginning of the class\cf0 \
\
	
\f1\b \cf3 public
\f0\b0 \cf0  
\f1\b \cf3 static
\f0\b0 \cf0  
\f1\b \cf3 void
\f0\b0 \cf0  main(String[] \cf4 args\cf0 ) \{\
		\cf2 //beginning of a method \cf0 \
\
Scanner \cf4 \ul \ulc4 input\cf0 \ulnone  = 
\f1\b \cf3 new
\f0\b0 \cf0  Scanner(System.
\f2\i\b \cf5 in
\f0\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 // Request that the user enter a temperature between -58oF and 41oF \cf0 \
System.
\f2\i\b \cf5 out
\f0\i0\b0 \cf0 .print(\cf6 "Enter the temperature in degrees Fahrenheit "\cf0  + \cf6 "between -58oF and 41oF: "\cf0 );\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 double
\f0\b0 \cf0  \cf4 temperature\cf0  = \cf4 input\cf0 .nextDouble();\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 // 41oF and a wind speed greater than or equal to 2 \ul mph\ulnone .\cf0 \
System.
\f2\i\b \cf5 out
\f0\i0\b0 \cf0 .print(\cf6 "Enter the wind speed measured (>= 2) in miles per hour: "\cf0 );\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 double
\f0\b0 \cf0  \cf4 speed\cf0  = \cf4 input\cf0 .nextDouble();\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 // Compute the wind-chill index\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf3 double
\f0\b0 \cf0  \cf4 windChill\cf0  = 35.74 + 0.6215 * \cf4 temperature\cf0  - 35.75 * Math.
\f3\i pow
\f0\i0 (\cf4 speed\cf0 , 0.16) + 0.4275 * \cf4 temperature\cf0  * Math.
\f3\i pow
\f0\i0 (\cf4 speed\cf0 , 0.16);\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 // Show result\cf0 \
System.
\f2\i\b \cf5 out
\f0\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf6 "The wind chill index is "\cf0  + \cf4 windChill\cf0 );\
\
\} \cf2 // end of the method \cf0 \
\
\}\cf2 // end of the class \cf0 \
\
\
}